
Using GWT-WL By Eugine Levitov

For those of us who have no clue how to incorporate this release
into the existing project, the way to do is as follows (the 
instructions are for an Eclipse project, but should work for 
any IDE with reasonable adjustments):


1. Unpack the files, and put them in an arbitrary folder (possibly
inside the GWT folder)

2. In Eclipse go to "Project->Properties", "Java Build Path" menu item
and "Libraries" tab, and "Add External JARs" button - and browse to the
gwt-widgets-x.x.x.jar, press OK. This added the source code of the
distribution to your project. Now you should be able to use the
libraries in the code.

3. In Eclipse in the  "Package Explorer", which is the tree usually on
the left, describing the structure of the project, select the file
"projectName.gwt.xml (should be under package "com.companyName"). Under
the line "<inherits name='com.google.gwt.user.User'/>" add the line
"<inherits name='org.gwtwidgets.WidgetLibrary'/>"

4. Likewise in the "Package Explorer" at the bottom you have a file
called "projectName.launch". Open the file, and you will see a number
of lines starting with "<listEntry" and containing jar files to be used
in your project. Copy the last such line and change the path to point
to the "gwt-widgets-x.x.x.jar" on your disk. Do this and the previous
step right, and Eclipse will be able to start your project in hosted
mode.

5. Finally at the bottom of the list of files you will see
"projectName-compile.cmd" and "projectName-shell.cmd" open these files
in a text editor (either in Eclipse or just in a note pad) in the first
line you will see a command that goes like so:

"@java -cp "%~dp0\src;--path--;--path--;"

The two paths are your paths to "gwt-user.jar" and "gwt-dev-windows.jar".
Now, obviously, add to these your path to "gwt-widgets-x.x.x.jar" in
both files. Now you've got the two scripts working and you'll be able 
to run your project both in hosted mode and in web mode.
